Small documentation updates (#25)
Aliucord/documentation: smali-dev/README.md

Reviewer: You should redirect to [github.com/Aliucord/Aliucord/tree/main/patches](https://github.com/Aliucord/Aliucord/tree/main/patches) rather than providing incomplete instructions here.

# SMALI Patches

> Newer Discord API stuff became harder to port or mimic with only LSPlant patching. To properly backport Discord functions and behavior, the project decided to allow for SMALI patches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Newer Discord API behavior is harder to port or mimic with only Xposed-style hooks. To properly backport new Discord behavior, Aliucord now supports smali patches.
```
